ATBiblioStyles Manual

Display the Bibliography References

  Once you've created and populated a Bibliography List or a Bibliography
  Smart Folder, you may want to have it rendered in a way that suits some
  publishing requirements.
  You can choose the way the listing has to be rendered from its edit page.
  First, you can choose what Bibliographical Style must be respected while
  displaying the listing. The styles that are registered with the
  BibliographyList Tool are displayed First, then the ones that were
  defined Through The Web (see further in this manual to learn how to
  create new bibliography styles).
  After choosing the Bibliographical Style, you can set the list type
  (bulleted, ordered, etc..).

Create new Bibliographical Styles

  If you are not happy with the Bibliographical Styles that are shipped
  with the product, you can create new ones. There are two ways of
  creating new Bibliographical Styles. The easyest is Through The Web,
  creating Custom Bibliographical Styles just as Plone content.
  The most powerful way is to write them as file sytem based python
  products that have to be registered with the BibliographyList Tool.

Create Custom (Through The Web) Bibliographical Styles

  TTW Bibliographical Styles are added to the portal the same way as for
  any portal content. Just notice that as the product is designed 'out of
  the box', you can add TTW Biblio Styles only in 'Bibref Custom Style
  Folders'. So first create a 'Bibref Custom Style Folder' in your Personal
  Folder, and navigate into it. Now you see that you can add to that
  folder two different content types: 'Bibref Custom Styles' and
  'Bibref Custom Style Sets'. First, lets add a 'Bibref Custom Style'.
  Once the Custom Style added, we see on its edit page the fields that can
  be edited. The first important field to edit is the 'Format' field.
  It is the field that determines what values will be displayed, how they
  will be diplayed (using which text format) and in which order.
  If Epoz is installed that field can be edited with wysiwyg support,
  else its content has to be valid (X)HTML.
  The following fields determine how different values have to be rendered 
  (do they have to be capitalized, etc).

  After clicking the 'Save' button, you are redirected to the 'view' page
  of your Biblio Style. On that page you can verify the result with an
  example of each Bibliography Reference Type handled by
  CMFBibliographyAT. If you want to customize the examples list, you only
  need to customize the Python script called 'dummy_refs.py'. You can do
  it Through The Web from the portal_skins Tool in the ZMI, or on the File
  System (like any FSPythonScript).

  You are now able to select your new Bibliographical Style from the
  'edit' page of your Biblio List. If you do so, all your references will
  be displayed using that style. Now if you need to have Articles
  displayed using that style, and all other references displayed using
  another style, you can create in your 'Bibref Custom Style Folder' a
  'Bibref Custom Style Set'. That content type lets you define what style
  should be used for what bibliography reference type.

  Now you may ask yourself who will be able to use your Bibliographical
  Styles or Style Sets. This is handled by the Workflow Tool.
  If someone has the 'View' perission on a Style or Styles Set,
  he/she'll be able to select it for displaying his/her bibliographycal 
  references list.

Write File System based Bibliographical Styles

  The most powerful way to create a Bibliographical Style is to write it
  as a Python product and integrate it to the BiblioList Tool. This
  requires that you know at least the Python basics.
  You can inspire yourself from the well called example
  'BibrefStyleExample' in the 'doc' directory.
  Once you have written your own Bibliographical Style, move it to the
  Products folder of your Zope instance, restart Zope and browse to the
  'portal_bibliolist' tool at the root of your Plone instance. There you
  should be able to add your new Bibliographical Style from the pulldown
  menu. If your Style respects the requirements for a quasi standard way
  of representing a bibliographycal reference, feel free to send it to us
  and we'll add it to the ones that are already shipped with
  ATBiblioList.